the academic approach at st. James is
that we realize where college
preparatory school and so we really grab
hold of the idea of preparation and
that's true for all departments at the
school it's definitely a challenge you
learn a lot more here than you learn at
your local public school students are
engaging and learning from each other
they're talking they're challenging each
other it's rigorous academically and his
curriculum is very tough and that's the
whole part of a college preparatory
school but as you get used to it that's
the best part
st. James gave me and Ernie tunity to
challenge myself
and it motivates me to do better
everybody just kind of has this
different attitude I guess towards
school it's not like a place you have to
go you have to be it's more like a place
you want to go I think one thing that
sets st. James apart is its size that we
really can focus individually on kids
there's a student to teacher ratio is
like really small so it's more of a like
height classroom the average class from
me tends to be between 10 and 12
students there is no way that they're
going to disappear in the back of a
classroom whenever like a teacher asks a
question you always got to be ready to
answer and then I feel that way you
learn a lot better you really are trying
to create successful work habits a big
part of academically st. James is you
have to learn time management and how to
do work efficiently it molds you into
thinking about next week this is do so
I'm gonna do it now so I don't have to
worry about it later and I'm gonna study
for this test harder because last time
it didn't go so well I think it's a
challenging the academic environment but
it's a very doable academic environment
and here we have you have teacher guides
and teacher mentors and frankly older
students helping younger students figure
out that rigorous doesn't necessarily
mean hard rigorous means a great and
wonderful challenge that can be
accomplished with hard work there is the
balance of yes it's rigorous but you're
fortunately pushing yourself and then
once you succeed
you're just so proud of yourself and
you're like wow I can actually do it so
it definitely builds your confidence
there's a lot of opportunity to make
sure you do your classes really well and
make sure you really know the material
there's kind of a system in place that
doesn't let a student fail here at st.
James my teachers helped me out they
told me what I need to do how I needed
to spend more time on my work the
teachers would definitely push you in
class but they're also be there after
class to help you students learn when
they get here that their teacher is not
their enemy and that their teacher is
their advocate it really comes down to
the student-faculty relationship over
the weekends they look after you during
the school week for academics they're
always there their doors always open
they live in the dorms with us there are
advisors there are coaches they're
available dinners breakfast and lunch
and at all times and we can go to them
if we need help you can go with to them
if we want to hang out we have a really
dynamic faculty I think they do a
wonderful job of making learning fun the
teachers all have their unique style of
teaching is really fun and energetic
they get you very engaged very engaged
school should be fun school should be
challenging and schools should be times
for tests and times for you know a
variety of things but for the most part
school should always be fun in physics
last week I had a lab where I rolled on
a skateboard and I learned how physics
work and frankly if my students can take
that out of the classroom that going out
into the world and finding that learning
is fun that's the best I can ask for
them
you